hello internets if you're new around
here my name is Sara Dee she rhymes with
peachy today I'm doing a desk tour with
a new computer on it but this isn't 360
so if you're viewing this on a phone or
on the computer grab the screen and
rotate it with me there will be a
special surprise on the other side you
see John and if you're viewing with a VR
headset well you are definitely in for a
treat first things first this isn't just
a normal desk this is a standing desk
it's almost there recently I have been
diversifying the type of computers I
edit videos on I am always editing
videos but one thing has remained the
same all of the computers I have used in
the past have been powered by an Intel
Core processor and that is why I am so
excited for this video to be sponsored
by Intel and Best Buy today we're going
to be testing out a new computer that's
kind of the center of my desk right now
it uses a Intel Core i7 processor why
I'm so excited about this is because it
comes at a very reasonable price tag of
only 999 dollars the computers that I've
talked about on this channel the price
tag has been closer to three thousand
which isn't super practical if you are
getting into content creation and you
want to start video editing photo
editing designing gaming life streaming
whatever you want to do maybe it's good
to know that there are other options out
there that are still powerful machines
courtesy of the Intel processor at the
center of everything and also you know
at Best Buy - I think the majority of
you guys are aware of my apartment and
what it looks like I live in the best
city in the world this is New York it's
pretty amazing I would turn around and
just take a second
soak it all in
let's get into this desperate or this is
where I am sitting or standing for the
majority of the day and the other reason
why I'm doing this I might be moving
into a office soon so we need to live it
up the last time that you might be
seeing this first and foremost the most
important thing is the computer of
course so you gotta have some aesthetics
over it kind of drawing to the desk so
these are two posters that I got from a
random company I think in Sweden for
pretty cheap the most important level of
the shelf is this one once my camera
battery dies in any of my cameras it
goes directly into the battery chargers
that I have plugged in over here I think
this method was made well known after
Casey Neistat post in his first office
tour video where he has a massive wall
just of these things and battery it gets
the job done so over here we have little
plastic organizers where I keep all of
my charged batteries I keep nine volts
and double A's and then just random
stuff like watch bands and then this is
behind you if you're looking at me I
would turn around because this is where
I keep a lot of just things that I'll
probably need but it's not very
organized so we have a drone we have a
stabilizer we have a hard drive and I
think one of the most important things
about an office area is Green like don't
don't you just feel so refreshed already
so this is the third shelf down it's
where I keep more gear and I keep my
point-and-shoots and my camera's
headphones this is the underbelly of my
desk it's probably not the prettiest but
you know trash paper shredder a cable
management box but this is my favorite
thing about my desk be prepared for your
mind to be blown
it's the cabinet thing that I organize
all my stuff in but it swings out see I
have a little cable management thing
going on with the firewire USBC micro
mini HDMI everything I own basically has
a little colored label around it here is
where all of my footage
as hard drives one through six they are
like one to two terabytes each just of
all of the footage that I've ever shot I
keep everything not to get too meta on
you the video you're watching is edited
on the computer you're watching but I
have friends that are way cooler than me
and content create whether it's video
photo gaming what-have-you so I'm gonna
have them over and hopefully you can
learn from them from their experiences
and hopefully I can offer maybe some
tips and tricks and advice so it's been
about three years now
yes so these are some of the pictures
from the shoot that we went on it was
super awesome right in the middle of New
York City we had probably 300 pictures
from this shoot so we only have three
pulled up but when you're editing all of
the pictures at the same time how do you
organize I actually restructured my
workflow recently instead of importing
all the photos just for a quicker
workflow I just look over them before I
important to select the ones I'll even
think about using saves me some time
yeah then I import them into my editing
program and then I go through and select
and rate the ones that I actually want
to spend time on editing this is my
website
I mostly post photos and videos on my
social media and you don't update this
as much but I kind of use this as my
greatest hits so a while ago I found out
that the average person that will look
at someone's website will only spend six
seconds I see you're gonna make it worth
it yes so I kept that in mind when
making my website and I figured yeah
I'll put a bunch of my favorite images
very bold on the front page of my
website so that I could catch the catch
the viewers I'd hopefully I'll spend
like eight seconds or ten seconds maybe
I mean yeah double-digit seconds I'm
happy
yeah I am an artist from Brooklyn New
York
so I'm taking photos for almost two
decades now and I actually just launched
my store earlier this year I was kind of
seeing you know a lot of different
people doing different things with their
are in one way is to make it wearable
and I thought that was really really
cool so I wanted to start doing that as
well your art it's your side hustle yes
my art is my summary puzzle you know but
I know what is that like so you work ya
come home I like to say that my job is
my nine-to-five and then my art is my 7
to 2 like I'm scanning negative so that
they come in like this and then going
back in to retouch them I'm documenting
installations I do it realize this is a
real sign that I can cut and hung up in
a galleries when I go in after kind of
retouch time I make it look like they're
floating in space
I'm also then retouching product shots
that I do for my store constantly doing
many things at once it's always working
on it and also always with my side up to
I like to kind of calm everything next
to each other Jetix OnPoint really
strong aesthetics on this page so this
is like weeks of just meat retouching I
think the other portfolio you know for
me it's really important to have a
cohesive portfolio altogether so the
people who want to freelance maybe
a nine-to-five but they want to lift
that creative life do you have any
advice for those type of people who just
want to do with I mean nothing beats
just starting it you know the hardest
thing is the first step which is
starting a project you know writing down
that first sentence in a notebook making
something taking that first photo
getting that first photo printed I think
the other thing is really auditing your
day and seeing what you're spending time
like I love to come home and just plop
down on the couch and watch TV but I
think it's really important to think you
know like could I take an hour here and
there and do something else with my time
other than watch TV air you know
relatedly but I want to introduce you to
another one of my friends his name is
Sam Shepard what do you do and what is
going on behind you I am a full-time
youtuber I stream on Twitch I make
content and then I post it online on a
variety of platforms and this it's one
of my favorite games of all time I've
been playing a lot of it a big part of
having a computer like this and perhaps
the Intel Core processor is you need
power to play a game so I would have to
like Jen can it hold up I have never
gained on the computer outside a roller
coaster taken so I'm excited so gaming
requires a lot of a computer obviously
and I mean people build machines that
are thousands and thousands
and you want to find out you want to
find a place that has good loot so I can
just drop here the game is very very
very intense yeah this is probably
definitely when it comes to gaming of
course having an intel core processor is
important what is processing this power
but probably the most important thing
when it comes to this is the graphics
right yeah so there are other options
for video cards obviously you could
spring for maybe like a GTX 1080 or 1070
or even 970 you don't need to go crazy
but a graphics card is really important
for for gaming like this and on the
machine that I am using today you can
actually upgrade to a GTX 10 successful
gaming mission with the Scheffer do you
have any final thoughts you want to say
to the peachy family stay woke stay
classy and most of all stay tuned
there you go thank you guys so much for
tuning in to this video if you want to
check out any all-in-one or desktop
versions that are powered by a intel
core processor you can check out the
Best Buy
link in the description below to check
those out and pick you again to Intel
and Best Buy for supporting the peachy
famine let me know if you like this
video hit that subscribe button down
below for new videos every single week
until next time stay peachy okay bye
[Applause]
[Music]
you